README.md, before:

# Code4z

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BROADCOM-brightgreen)](https://github.com/BroadcomMFD/code4z/blob/master/LICENSE)

Code4z is an all-in-one VS Code extension pack for mainframe users working with z/OS. Code4z provides language support for COBOL and High Level Assembler for z/OS and graphical visualization of COBOL applications. The pack also includes data editing and file management tools, Explorer for Endevor, and extensions for interactive debugging, macro tracing, and abend analysis. Code4z is free to install and use.

Code4z is compatible with Microsoft Visual Studio Code and Github Codespaces.

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BroadcomMFD/code4z/master/extensions4.png" alt="Code4z Extensions: Abend Analyzer for Mainframe, COBOL Control Flow, COBOL Language Support, Data Editor for Mainframe, Debugger for Mainframe, Explorer for Endevor, HLASM Language Support and Zowe Explorer" />

<a href="https://www.openmainframeproject.org/all-projects/zowe/conformance"><img alt="This extension is Zowe v2 conformant" src="https://artwork.openmainframeproject.org/other/zowe-conformant/zowev2/explorer/color/zowe-conformant-zowev2-explorer-color.png" width=20% height=20% /></a>
</div>

## How Does It Work?

The Code4z extension pack simplifies your common workflows and enables you to work with COBOL and HLASM code in the same way you work with other languages in Visual Studio Code. The pack provides a modern mainframe programming experience and includes the following features:

- Language support for IBM Enterprise COBOL 6.0 and high-level assembler language
- Data editing and file management of mainframe data sets
- Testing tools for CICS and Batch programs
- Source code management integrated with Endevor
- Mainframe operations

## Extensions

Code4z contains the following extensions:
- [Abend Analyzer for Mainframe](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.abend-analyzer)
  - Enables you to view abend reports and symbolic data in your IDE.
- [COBOL Control Flow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.ccf)
  - Provides graphical visualization of program flow for COBOL programs.
- [COBOL Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.cobol-language-support)
  - Provides autocomplete, highlighting, browsing, and diagnostics for COBOL code and copybooks.
- [Data Editor for Mainframe](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.data-editor-for-mainframe)
  - Enables you to browse and edit mainframe data sets, including VSAM data sets.
- [Debugger for Mainframe](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.debugger-for-mainframe)
  - Enables you to debug CICS and batch programs in your IDE.
- [Explorer for Endevor](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.explorer-for-endevor)
  - Modernizes the way that you interact with Endevor inventory locations and elements.
- [HLASM Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.hlasm-language-support)
  - Provides autocomplete, highlighting, browsing, and diagnostics for High Level Assembler code.
- [Zowe Explorer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Zowe.vscode-extension-for-zowe)
  - Streamlines interaction with mainframe data sets, USS files, and jobs.

## Support

**Code4z product documentation is available on [Techdocs](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/code4z)**.

For an interactive overview of Code4z, see the [Code4z Developer Cockpit](https://mainframe.broadcom.com/code4z-developer-cockpit).

Commit message:

Prepare v2.2.0 (#94)
* v3 badge (#86)

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Add files via upload (#88)

* Add files via upload

* icons

* Add files via upload (#92)

* Code4z Foundation 2.2 expansion (#91)

* Update README.md

* Update package.json

* Update README.md

* Update CHANGELOG.md

* Update README.md

* Update package.json

* Update package.json

* Update foundationpack.png

* Update foundationpack.png

* Update CHANGELOG.md

* Update CHANGELOG.md

* update changelog

---------

Co-authored-by: Aman Prashant <aman.prashant@broadcom.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Zeibura Kathau <zeibura.kathau@broadcom.com>

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BROADCOM-brightgreen)](https://github.com/BroadcomMFD/code4z/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-blue)](https://join.slack.com/t/che4z/shared_invite/zt-37ewynplx-wCoabaIDxN6Ofm4_XBinZA)
[![Code4z](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code4z-marketplace-cc092f)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/search?term=code4z&target=VSCode)

</div>

# Code4z Foundation

Code4z Foundation is an all-in-one VS Code extension pack for mainframe users working with z/OS. Code4z Foundation provides language support for several common z/OS programming languages and graphical visualization of COBOL applications. The pack also includes data editing and file management tools, Explorer for Endevor, and extensions for interactive debugging, macro tracing, and abend analysis. Code4z Foundation is free to install and use.

The Code4z Foundation pack is compatible with Microsoft Visual Studio Code and Github Codespaces.

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BroadcomMFD/code4z/main/foundationpack.png" width=611 height=593 alt="Code4z Foundation Extensions: Abend Analyzer for Mainframe, COBOL Control Flow, COBOL Language Support, Data Editor for Mainframe, Debugger for Mainframe, Explorer for Endevor, HLASM Language Support, JCL Language Support, PL/I Language Support and Zowe Explorer" />
</div>

## How Does It Work?

The Code4z Foundation pack simplifies your common workflows and enables you to work with COBOL, HLASM, JCL, and PL/I code in the same way you work with other languages in Visual Studio Code. The pack provides a modern mainframe programming experience and includes the following features:

- Language support for IBM Enterprise COBOL, HLASM, JCL, and PL/I.
- Data editing and file management of mainframe data sets
- Testing tools for CICS and Batch programs
- Source code management integrated with Endevor
- Mainframe operations

## Extensions

Code4z Foundation contains the following extensions:
- [Abend Analyzer for Mainframe](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.abend-analyzer)
  - Enables you to view abend reports and symbolic data in your IDE.
- [COBOL Control Flow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.ccf)
  - Provides graphical visualization of program flow for COBOL programs.
- [COBOL Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.cobol-language-support)
  - Provides autocomplete, highlighting, browsing, and diagnostics for COBOL code and copybooks.
- [Data Editor for Mainframe](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.data-editor-for-mainframe)
  - Enables you to browse and edit mainframe data sets, including VSAM data sets.
- [Debugger for Mainframe](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.debugger-for-mainframe)
  - Enables you to debug CICS and batch programs in your IDE.
- [Explorer for Endevor](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.explorer-for-endevor)
  - Modernizes the way that you interact with Endevor inventory locations and elements.
- [HLASM Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.hlasm-language-support)
  - Provides autocomplete, highlighting, browsing, and diagnostics for High Level Assembler code.
- [JCL Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.jcl-language-support)
  - Provides rich language support and snippets for JCL code.
- [PL/I Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.pli-language-support)
  - Provides rich language support for PL/I code and include files.
- [Zowe Explorer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Zowe.vscode-extension-for-zowe)
  - Streamlines interaction with mainframe data sets, USS files, and jobs.

## Support

**Product documentation for Code4z Foundation is available on [Techdocs](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/code4z)**.

For an interactive overview of the Code4z Foundation pack, see the [Code4z Developer Cockpit](https://mainframe.broadcom.com/code4z-developer-cockpit).
